>> Scott Moss: I'm gonna
move on to caching.
And when I talk about caching in GraphQL,
when I say the word caching in a server,
what do people think?
>> Student: Redis.
>> Scott Moss: You think Redis?
Okay, what about you?
>> Student2: Well, I'm thinking about
exactly what you're talking about,
so-
>> Scott Moss: Okay,
not you [LAUGH] What about you?
>> Student3: I don't even have an idea.
>> Scott Moss: All right, sure.
>> Student4: It's the request
on the request level.
>> Scott Moss: We're caching the request.
>> Student4: And
then caching in memory units of data.
So like with Redis or something in memory.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, yeah,
all those are caching on the back end.
And there's tons more, right?
People are caching database crazed,
not even in Redis, so
it's like on the database.
So it's like, my god.
So there's so
many different ways to cache.
What I'm going to specifically
be talking about, at least for
this example, is going to be
caching in memory per request.
And the way we do that is something
called a data loader in GraphQL.
So this one's kinda complicated,
but it is so worth it.
So what I'm gonna do here is,
am I on the right branch?
>> Scott Moss: Let me check
out if it's the right branch.
>> Scott Moss: All right.
So the problem we're having is,
let's talk about the problem first.
Is basically what I've been
discussing this whole time.
So let's say we have,
we're querying for projects.
And then we're querying for tasks.
And then inside that task query,
we're also querying for
projects and
then we're also querying for task.
Okay, and let's just get the name.
Now if we just look at this, I know for
each one of these projects, they're
going to have their own individual task.
Right, and then each one of
these tasks are going to have
the same project that resolved
it in the first place.
So that means we already
created the database again for
something that we already
previously did up here.
So that's inefficient.
And then two,
we did it again when we asked for
the same project that
we already queried for.
What your tasks are, we already did that
up here, so that's also very inefficient.
So this is becoming exponential
every time we go down, right?
So yes, there are ways to get around that,
you can short circuit it, but
you can also make this faster
by caching the results or
batching and caching the results
of what you already resolved.
And that's where data load comes in, it's
going to batch the calls to your database.
And then cache them so when you ask for
them in the same request on the same
level, they'll just get them back to you
instantly because its cached in memory.
And then that memory is not long lived.
It's only per request, so
therefore you're not sharing state across
multiple requests for different people.
It would be dangerous if my request
came in and it cached my data and
then you sent a request with the same
GraphQL query and you got my cached data.
Right, that's dangerous.
So it's only per request, and
that's what a data loader is for.
You could think it was a per request,
in memory batching,
caching layer for your database.
Sound ridiculous, I know.
But let's walk through.